README.md, before:

The application LoveTrax help keep account of dates you go on .You are able to create experiences based of of your time with them on that certain day. In the applicaiton , the user is the only one able to access their experiences.  This is a portfolio project for the Sinatra section of the Flatiron School's Online Software Engineering - structured program.

## Installation

1. Fork the repository
1. Clone the files to your computer
1. Run `bundle install`
1. Run `rake db:migrate`
1. Run `shotgun` to start the server

## Usage

To run the program, type ./bin/Foodie

Type in a cuisine you'd like to look up dishes for .To see the list of dishes type "menu" .To see information on a certain dishes, type the number correlating to the dish you want .When you're done, type "exit"

## Development

After checking out the repo, run `bin/setup` to install dependencies. You can also run `bin/console` for an interactive prompt that will allow you to experiment.

To install this gem onto your local machine, run `bundle exec rake install`. To release a new version, update the version number in `version.rb`, and then run `bundle exec rake release`, which will create a git tag for the version, push git commits and tags, and push the `.gem` file to [rubygems.org](https://rubygems.org).

## Contributing

Bug reports and pull requests are welcome on GitHub at https://github.com/'chic-caller-7520'/Love-Trax. This project is intended to be a safe, welcoming space for collaboration, and contributors are expected to adhere to the [Contributor Covenant](http://contributor-covenant.org) code of conduct.

## License

The gem is available as open source under the terms of the [MIT License](https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT).

## Code of Conduct

Everyone interacting in the Foodies project’s codebases, issue trackers, chat rooms and mailing lists is expected to follow the [code of conduct](https://github.com/'chic-caller-7520'/Love-Trax/blob/master/CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md).

Commit message:

read.me and notes update

README.md, after:

# LoveTrax
    " KEEP LOVE TRACKED WITH LOVE TRAX !!!!"
 (While singing in a 70's tide commerical voice)

## About

The application LoveTrax help keep account of dates you go on .You are able to create experiences based of of your time with them on that certain day. In the applicaiton , the user is the only one able to access their experiences.  This is a portfolio project for the Sinatra section of the Flatiron School's Online Software Engineering - structured program.

## Installation

- Fork the repository
- Clone the files to your computer
- Run `bundle install`
- Run `rake db:migrate`
- Run `shotgun` to start the server

### Enabling Sessions

To enable sessions, create a `.env` file in the root directory.

In the folder  replace the string `lovetrax` with a secret word or string.

```
SESSION_SECRET="lovetrax"
```
Commit `.gitignore`

> **Note**: Since the `.env` file contains sensitive information, it should not be tracked, committed or push to Github. Please see this post on [Hiding Sensitive Information with Environmental Variables in Ruby](https://shannoncrabill.com/blog/hiding-sensitive-information-with-environmental-variables-in-ruby/) for more information.



## Contributing

Bug reports and pull requests are welcome on GitHub at https://github.com/'chic-caller-7520'/Love-Trax. This project is intended to be a safe, welcoming space for collaboration, and contributors are expected to adhere to the [Contributor Covenant](http://contributor-covenant.org) code of conduct.

## License

The gem is available as open source under the terms of the [MIT License](https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT).

## Code of Conduct

Everyone interacting in the Foodies project’s codebases, issue trackers, chat rooms and mailing lists is expected to follow the [code of conduct](https://github.com/'chic-caller-7520'/Love-Trax/blob/master/CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md).
